chores(doc): update self-hosted deploying (#463)
quirrel-dev/quirrel: docs/docs/deploying.md

| Variable                    | Meaning                                                                 | Where to get                                                                                                                                                                     |
| --------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `QUIRREL_TOKEN`             | access token for the Quirrel server.                                    | **Hosted:** Create a new Project + Client in the [Dashboard](https://quirrel.dev/dashboard). **Self-Hosted:** Check [How to deploy our own server](#acquiring-a-token) .         |

> | `QUIRREL_BASE_URL`          | The base URL of your client's deployment.                               | You probably know this. Something like `my-application.com`.                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `QUIRREL_BASE_URL`          | The base URL of your application's deployment.                               | You probably know this. Something like `my-application.com`.                                                                                                                     |
```

I generally prefer speaking of "Application" instead of "Client". The "Client" is the piece of JavaScript that your "Application" uses to interface with the Quirrel API, but it's the "Application" that gets deployed.

:::

:::note VERCEL*URL
If you're on Vercel, you can connect `QUIRREL_BASE_URL` to your `VERCEL_URL`.
Only do this for preview environments, \_not for production*!
`QUIRREL_BASE_URL` is used to determine the deployment that your jobs should be executed on.
If you set it to `VERCEL_URL`, that means all jobs will be executed on the exact deployment that they were
created on, excluding them from future bugfixes.
:::

## Hosted version

For most people, the [hosted version](https://quirrel.dev) of Quirrel is the easiest, and probably also cheapest way of using Quirrel (there's a free tier if your project is just starting out, and OSS and side projects can apply for discounts).

## How to deploy to your own server

If you still want to host Quirrel yourself, there are currently two ways to host our own quirrel server:

1. [By using the Docker Image](#using-the-docker-image).

> 2. [By launching our own instance](#launching-our-own-instance).

Reviewer: Using the Docker image is also a way of "Launching our own instance". Maybe a better term would be "Using the CLI"? (would also need to be changed in the headline below)

Both of them require that our connections are secured through a secured token.

### Deploying the server

> **Please note that the deployment should be secured using HTTPS.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🐉 Here be dragons: Running your own infrastructure isn't the easiest thing in the world, and you should know what you're doing.
```

While it's true that most Quirrel deployments should be HTTPS-secured, this is not universally true. If your deployment is only reachable in a private network and not from the internet, for example, HTTPS is not strictly neccessary. Your note reaches to a underlying problem, though: You should not attempt at hosting your own infrastructure if you don't know what you're doing. Knowing when to secure something via HTTPS is one of these things.

#### Using the Docker Image

> Find Quirrel's docker image here: https://github.com/orgs/quirrel-dev/packages/container/package/quirrel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quirrel's Docker Image can be found here: https://github.com/orgs/quirrel-dev/packages/container/package/quirrel
```

> To use Quirrel's Docker Image, we need to set the connection string at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Docker image is configured using environment variables.
```

Maybe we can have a table of all environment variables, similar to the above?

`REDIS_URL`. **Make sure your Redis instance is persistent**.

Also, we'll need to set a `PASSPHRASE` (or more, separated by colons `:`) that will be used in the next step to generate a token. You can do so by setting the environment variable:

```
PASSPHRASES=PASSPHRASE1[:PASSPHRASE2[:PASSPHRASE3]]
```

> #### Launching our own instance

Reviewer: See above: We should find a more descriptive heading for this

> First, we will fire up our server with a `PASSPHRASE` (or more, separated by colons `:`) that will be used in the next step to generate a token. To do so, launch quirrel like so:

Reviewer: Colon-separation is only used for the environment variable, here you can just pass multiple flags (`quirrel --passphrase a --passphrase b`).

Also, now that I read this: The Quirrel CLI isn't really meant for production deployments, but for development. I don't think we should mention this here at all.

```
quirrel --passphrase PASSPHRASE1[:PASSPHRASE2[:PASSPHRASE3]]
```

### Acquiring a token

> Once our server is ready, we'll need to [get an auth token](https://api.quirrel.dev/documentation/static/index.html#/Admin/put_tokens__id_):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once our server is ready, we'll need to [acquire an auth token](https://api.quirrel.dev/documentation/static/index.html#/Admin/put_tokens__id_):
```

`curl --user ignored:{PASSPHRASE} -X PUT {QUIRREL_SERVER_URL}/tokens/{NAME_OF_TOKEN}`

> This petition will return a token. Save it for the next and last step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Save the returned token for the next step.
```

### Configuring our client to auth connections with our token

> Lastly, we should configure our client to use the newly generated **token** as well as provide quirrel with our own client's base url. To do so, add the following environment variables to your client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, we need to configure our client with the generated *token*. Provide the following environment variables to your application:
```

```

> # example ./.env file in the client's root directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# example ./.env file in the client's root directory
```

Not all application deployments use `.env` files, I don't think we should mention them here.

> # Client's base url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> QUIRREL_API_URL=http://localhost:3000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QUIRREL_API_URL=http://your-quirrel-api-address:9181
```

`QUIRREL_API_URL` denotes where the API is reachable. I don't think we need to mention `QUIRREL_BASE_URL` here, as it's not specific to self-hosted deployments.

> # Token generated in the previous step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> QUIRREL_TOKEN=01234567-aaaa-aaaa-aaaa-012345678901

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QUIRREL_TOKEN=<token-generated-in-previous-step>
```
